# Ragamaya-Resort-in-Munnar
Munnar is one of those destinations where each traveller has a lot to do. Its extremely fascinating to see the steep slopes and tea gardens of Munnar in the season of monsoon, which is a mind blowing experience for any sort of vacation, be it a weekend time, a family break or a much awaited honey moon.  The finest way to enjoy Munnar in all its glory is to be at on of the best places, the Ragamaya Resort &amp; Spa, the best Mansoon resorts in Kerala. Ragamaya is located at such a picturesque location where the experience of monsoon will enlighten your beautiful life moments.  Ragamaya the perfect mansoon destination of Kerala, is a luxury resort which is located on the scenic slopes of Munnar. Ragamaya has 20 well-appointed guest rooms, added on with luxurious amenities and facilities which fuse smoothly with the green nature around the property. Ragamaya Resort &amp; Spa, the best resorts in Munnar represent a confluence of modern and traditional values of architecture. Bringing  down the uniqueness of Kerala's own architecture styles and traditional rejuvenation, the medically treated "Nera" houses are carefully restored at Ragamaya’s premier luxury resorts in the name of Aranya Maya, which has an exclusive family living option with plunge pools that are climatically controlled.  Being the most popular place for a monsoon honey moon, Aranya Leela, the exclusive honey moon resort from Ragamaya, represent a cozy space for all those who want to express their first expressions of love with their most dearest. Honey moon is the most precious time where you would always like to get literally disconnected with the entire world and enjoy the falling rains with a sight of just your loved one and greenish valley. If an ultimate privacy is something that you are looking and that’s assured at the best at Aranya Leela. With an exclusive pool, luxurious king size beds, TV and Wi-Fi go smooth with the natural ambience which is the best among monsoon resorts of Munnar.  Raga Premier, the well-appointed guest house is an ideal mansoon weekend escape location for families and also for fun loving friends to spend some good time. Another architecture marvel, spaced to adapt all your needs even if it’s a holiday with kids. The lake facing balconies gives you such an exclusive space where you can get the mood of a lazy monsoon, with lot of activities to make your perfect holiday  Spandana is an Ayurveda spa, ideal for you to have some special monsoon treatments for a complete rejuvenation. The therapist could provide you some special seasonal treatment with carefully made food from Sameera, the multi cuisine restaurant at Ragamaya. This exclusive kitchen can excite your taste buds with tastes all over the world and also with specially prescribed diet for monsoon.  So choose Ragamaya, the best monsoon resorts in Munnar and we look forward to hearing from you to provide you the best deals and price. Get in touch with us.
View Point, Kallimaly,
Off Munnar - Thekkady bypass Road,
Rajakkadu, Munnar - 685 566. Kerala, India 
+91-4868-253500

https://www.ragamayamunnar.com
